.TH Sniffjoke
.PP
.SH NAME
Sniffjoke 0.4 usage
.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
sniffjoke [OPTION]...
.PP
sniffjokectl [OPTION]... [COMMAND]
.PP
.SH DESCRIPTION
This software is a single peer sniffer obfuscator. when you start SniffJoke
from your network privileges, the outgoing internet connections became
scattered with fake data - without interfere with your sessions - and confusing
the sniffers in the network when their algorithms try to follow your stream.
.PP
The options usefull when sniffjoke is started (by hand or by init script)
.PP
.SH SNIFFJOKE OPTIONS 
.PP
.B --location <name> 
specify the network environment (suggested) [default: generic]. use the script "sniffjoke-autotest" for the generation of the correct environment. eg: in your office, in your home, for every friend where you connect your computer, you need a different 'location'. the first time you need to use sniffjoke from a location, you run the autotest and automatically are checked the different combinations of available plugins+scrambles.
.PP
.B --dir <name> 
specify the base directory where the location resides [default: /usr/local/var/sniffjoke/] [using both location and dir defaults, the configuration status will not be saved]
.PP
.B --user <username> 
downgrade priviledge to the specified user [default: nobody]
.PP
.B --group <groupname> 
downgrade priviledge to the specified group [default: nogroup]
.PP
.B --whitelist 
inject evasion packets only in the specified ip addresses. blacklist and whitelist are mutually exclusive.
.PP
.B --blacklist 
inject evasion packet in all session excluding the blacklisted ip address. blacklist and whitelist are mutually exclusive.
.PP
.B --start 
if present, evasion is activated immediatly [default: not present], for start/stop/reconfigure sniffjoke while running, use sniffjokectl
.PP
.B --debug <level 1-6> 
set up verbosity level [default: 2] 1: suppress log, 2: common, 3: verbose, 4: debug, 5: session 6: packets
.PP
.B --foreground 
running in foreground [default:background]
.PP
.B --admin <ip>[:port] 
specify administration IP address [default: 127.0.0.1:8844]
.PP
.B --force 
force restart (usable when another sniffjoke service is running)
.PP
.B --version 
show sniffjoke version
.PP
.B --help 
show a command line options resume
.PP
.PP
When sniffjoke is running, it keeps on memory the configuration settings and dump them in a binary file, sniffjoke run under chroot directory and inside that there are files usefull for sniffjoke and for the user.
.PP
.PP
.SH SNIFFJOKECTL
sniffjokectl is the sniffjoke manager, controller, client, whaterver.
.PP
When sniffjoke is running, you should send commands with a command line argument like:
.PP
.B sniffjokectl [OPTIONS]... [COMMAND]
.PP
.PP
.SH SNIFFJOKECTL OPTIONS
.PP
.B --address <ip>[:port] 
specify administration IP address [default: 127.0.0.1:8844]
.PP
.B --version 
show sniffjoke version
.PP
.B --timeout 
set milliseconds timeout when contacting SniffJoke service [default: 500]
.PP
.B --help 
show this help
.PP
.SH SNIFFJOKECTL COMMANDS
.PP
.B start 
start sniffjoke hijacking/injection
.PP
.B stop 
stop sniffjoke (sniffjoke will work in passive mode, like in pause)
.PP
.B quit 
stop sniffjoke, save config, abort the service
.PP
.B saveconf 
dump config file
.PP
.B stat 
get statistics about sniffjoke configuration and network
.PP
.B info 
get massive info about sniffjoke internet stats
.PP
.B showport 
show TCP ports strongness of injection
.PP
.B debug [1-6] 
change the log debug level
.PP
.PP
Those command are used and accepted only when sniffjoke is running and the "client instance" is listening and reachable in the UDP port.
.PP
When you start sniffjoke you could set your port rules and save the configuration with saveconf.
.PP
When you than restart sniffjoke, using the same --chroot-dir, the previous configurations are reloaded.
.PP

.SS SEMI-SECRET OPTION 
This semi-secret option is used in testing within sniffjoke-autotest
.PP
.B    --only-plugin 
plugin_name.so,SINGLESCRAMBLEUSED
.PP
.PP
.SS [*] DEFAULTS:

The default values are hardcoded in the software, passed at compile time from the building script, maybe a distribution-specific package will contain different paths.
.PP
.SH "AUTHOR"
Claudio Agosti <vecna@delirandom.net>, Giovanni Pellerano <giovanni.pellerano@evilaliv3.org>
.PP
.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
Report bugs to <sniffjoke-team@delirandom.net>.
.SH "COPYRIGHT"
Copyright (GPL) 2008,2009,2010,2011 Claudio Agosti & Giovanni Pellerano.
.br
This is free software; see the source for copying conditions.  There is NO  warranty;  not even for MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
Because SniffJoke is a 0.4-rc1 release, we didn't setup correctly a man page, and will be better if you check http://www.delirandom.net/sniffjoke for the usage information you should need.
.TP
.I sniffjoke-autotest(1)


